listen
Said that a normal human heart was transplanted into a mutant
Mutants can return to normal
Is that right?
Transplanting a heart to change the mutation is simply impossible
Only serum can restore mutants to normal
I don't believe it, I'm going to eat it myself
I'm Ace Special Forces Captain Jiang Fan
What I said is true.
What we're here for.
Is to study hemorrhage
Save all mankind
I want to save the universe
I am from 8 years later
Please believe me.
I was the first to find someone else's virus
MD
Wang Xinyi
What he said is true
Zhang Jiajia stays
Others get out
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
Purpose not achieved
We're not going anywhere.
I still want to stay here
I don't have such a good temper
Kick me out
A Wei Liu Wei
The shield is about to die
To bring this kind of thing to my hell
Say who instructed you
Liu Wei